docs(webhosting): update docs webhosting product (#1477)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/webhosting/how-to/terminate-webhosting.mdx

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [registered a domain name](/network/domains-and-dns/how-to/register-internal-domain/) at Scaleway or another registrar
  - You have a Web Hosting plan
</Message>

1. Click **Web Hosting** in the **Managed Services** section of the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. The **Web Hosting** overview page displays.
2. Click <Icon name="seeMore" /> or the domain name of the Web Hosting plan you want to configure. The **Hosting information** page displays.
3. Scroll down to the **Terminate Web Hosting** section. Click **Terminate**. A pop-up displays.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-webhosting-terminate.webp" alt="" />
4. Type **TERMINATE** and click **Terminate Web Hosting** to confirm the termination of the Web Hosting.
    <Message type="important">

>         This action is irrevisible and it will permanently delete your Web Hosting account and all your data (files and emails) will be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This action is irreversible and will permanently delete your Web Hosting account and all your data (files and emails) will be lost.
```

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-webhosting-terminate.webp" alt="" />
4. Type **TERMINATE** and click **Terminate Web Hosting** to confirm the termination of the Web Hosting.
    <Message type="important">

>         This action is irreversible and will permanently delete your Web Hosting account and all your data (files and emails) will be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This action is irreversible and will permanently delete your Web Hosting account. All your data (files and emails) will be lost.
```
